Updated docs for azure setup (#3694)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/data-lakes/index.md

2. Search for and select **Azure Database for MySQL**.
3. On the Azure Database for MySQL resource page, select the **Azure Database for MySQL** plan and click **Create**.
4. Select **Single server** and click **Create**.

> 5. On the **Basic** tab, select an existing subscription and resource group, enter server details and create an administrator account. Due to the configurations required for the setup, Segment only supports version **5.7** currently. Before proceeding, please ensure you have the correct MySQL server version selected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Basic** tab, select an existing subscription and resource group, enter server details and create an administrator account. Due to the configurations required for the setup, Data Lakes supports MySQL version **5.7** only. Before you proceed, please ensure you have the correct MySQL server version selected. 
```
